[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
fantasy thriller film
paradise hills spoiler ahead watch out
and take care
at her grand wedding uma the gorgeous
bride dedicates a song for her
bridegroom
following her song guests begin to dance
as the bridegroom walks into the room he
sees his beautiful wife waiting for him
in bed
uma looks much more obedient and
adorable than before
two months earlier mumma woke up in a
beautifully decorated room
with the sound of the broadcast who
waiters in white
walked in to deliver her breakfast but
uma took the opportunity to run away
her flight was stopped by a cliff where
she realized this place was an isolated
island
in panic she fled into a hidden cave
over there
she met a pretty girl dressed in white
uma pleaded for her help
the girl agreed to offer her assistance
but in the end
she led uma back to the two waiters on
the way back
uma saw many pretty young ladies in
white next
uma was brought to the duchess the owner
of paradise hills
the duchess explained that paradise
hills was an idyllic reform school
for rebellious young ladies they would
undergo reformation here
and change into perfect women aligned
with the standards of the noble class
mumma was sent here as she rejected a
marriage proposal her mother wanted her
to accept
later uma was ushered into a pink and
exquisite dormitory
she befriended her two roommates a
greasy girl and a deviant girl
greasy joined paradise to lose weight
deviant whose family was humble
was expected to enter the upper class
through this program
the three attended the dinner together
greasy told uma the lady she met in the
cave earlier was amarna
a well-known singer amarna had her own
idea for making music
which violated the interests of her
management team so the team sent her to
the island for transformation
later uma met amarna in the washroom
amarna explained that she handed uma to
the captors
because she did not want to expose the
hidden cave her secret smoking corner
as amarna learned that uma wanted to
escape she decided to help her
they promised to meet at midnight
however uma slept through the night
when she got up it was already daylight
weird enough
ramarna did not wake up either both of
them missed the appointment
a series of activities were lined up for
the girls
uma started her day with personal
grooming and mirror therapy
seeing herself in the mirror uma felt
weird and left
soon after that muma was led by the
waiters to an odd room
they tied her up to ride a carousel
style horse for a conditioning exercise
it was a few hours of hologram screening
about her fiance
irritated by such treatment uma
confronted the duchess
she made it clear that such treatment
could not change her behavior
and also she shared with the duchess
while she rebelled it was all because
uma fell
in love with a man of a lower class
however as her family was bankrupt
she had to marry a rich man to maintain
their decent living standards
having that heard of the duchess did not
criticize uma at all
instead she listened to her patiently
and gave her advice from time to time
uma felt her care and concern as such
uma adjusted to life on the island
and gradually opened up more to mirror
therapy
to uma's surprise her lover also came to
the island
in order to be with uma he worked as a
florist at paradise hills
he promised to bring uma out from this
place the jealous amarna witnessed their
love scene
and left in sobbing silence that night
puma shared with her friends
good news about her lover while other
girls were happy for uma
amarna however felt that uma's lover was
not a good match for uma
and then amarna was invited for
performance uma seemed to feel the love
through her soft and tender singing
the next day uma woke up to realize the
necklace with memories of her father
was gone at the same time an alarm went
off about strangers intrusion
the daily routine in paradise hills was
disrupted
this stirred up great curiosity among
the ladies
but such inappropriate behaviors of the
girls drove the duchess mad
deviant wanted to defend uma but the
duchess threatened her
and the glass behind deviant just
shattered right away
amarna stood up for deviant and the
duchess finally came back to her senses
on the other hand the intruder was
captured it turned out that the
intruders were omarna's fans
who smuggled a rowboat for her amarna
revealed that the girls were drugged
so that they slept through the night
during last night
she stayed awake as she skipped the milk
she saw staff moving girls in a deep
sleep around
she also picked up uma's necklace on the
stage amarna planned to escape from the
island with uma but uma did not want to
leave her lover behind
despite amarna's warning uma told her
lover everything
at dinner time it was announced that
amarnus had finished the treatment
she would leave the island soon amarna
was very confused at what was happening
uma went to the washroom and spilled out
the milk amarna also came to bid her
farewell
she asked uma to run away with her lover
by the rowboat
marta gave a passionate tongue massage
and hug to her sweetheart mumma
since uma did not consume any drug she
was awake at night
to witness amarna being pushed out by
the staff members
uma wanted to investigate the situation
but she deterred it
due to the surveillance camera on the
next day uma watched a hologram of her
childhood times
and an old news report of her father's
suicide
she realized the culprit behind all her
father's death was her fiance
uma could not accept the fact that she
would marry her enemy
she reacted badly and was punished in a
confinement room and drug when uma woke
up again
she was brought to meet the duchess
[ __ ] showed her amarna on the
television show
uma was shocked that amarna totally
changed from her head asked to toes
more shocking was that for the past two
weeks uman was unconscious
the duchess informed uma that her
treatment was done she could depart from
the island the next day
however uma no longer trusted the
duchess
she told her roommates everything she
knew of and convinced them to run away
according to the plan the three girls
did not consume any milk which contained
drug
at night the staff members pushed out
deviant uma and greasy followed them
apparently the staff members were
prepared to operate on deviant
puma and greasy fought hard against the
staff members
and knocked them out deviant was badly
injured
uma and greasy brought her to another
experiment lab
in which was found the records of their
information on the island
and even hormone let go seen with her
lover was captured
uma came to realize her lover was
actually an undercover from the duchess
azuma and her friends ran from the
guards they stumbled into the basement
and met a group of bandaged girls but
the bandaged girls did not care about
their cry for help
in their confusion one of the girls
removed her bandage and showed her same
face as deviant
she was actually the replica of deviant
in fact
the center was not to rehability them
but to replicate them
women from poor social circumstances
underwent extensive surgeries and
training
in order to act as more obedient
versions of the women they would replace
unfortunately deviant died of her injury
puma shared with her replacement that
her fiance was responsible for her
father's death
she also gave her the memory locket uma
and greasy had to move on without
deviant
when they were passing through a garden
of vines suddenly greasy disappeared
uma searched for greasy and found
lifeless bodies of former paradise girls
and snarl in the leaves including amarna
uma then heard greasies cry
she quickly located greasy's body
wrapped up in vines
the duchess was feeding on greasy's body
fat the duchess was not a human being
she fed on the paradise girl's body to
stay young despite uma's struggles
she could not break away from the vines
at that critical moment
uma's replacement appeared to distract
the duchess
uma then cut the vines with a scalpel
and stabbed the duchess to death
following her death the vines in the
garden collapsed
uma and her replica managed to escape in
time
just as they were about to take the
rowboat the lover who worked as a guard
appeared before them he confessed to uma
the reason
why he became an undercover it was
because the duchess
told him uma had decided to marry the
rich fiancee
in despair he participated in the
duchess conspiracy
although uma did not buy what he said he
released them
uma then learned that her replica
accepted the duchess offer
as she needed to earn a living for her
younger brothers uma then came up with a
plan
hence back to the present day right on
the wedding night the bridegroom is
invited to the bedroom early
while uma seduces him and stabs him her
replica remains downstairs in the
wedding gown
playing as the bride causing everybody
to mistaken her for uma
in that way uma is free from blame and
inherits all of her fiance's estate
however uma gives all the riches to her
replica and breaks away from freedom
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out